ALL IS WELL (Tout va tres bien, Madame la Marquise) French lyrics by Bach & Henri Laverne Music by Paul Misraki English translation by Tom Lehrer Hello, hello, James? Tell me, what's new? I've been away two weeks or so, And that is why I'm calling you For any news that I should know . Everything's fine, Madame la Marquise, Everything's fine, and all is well. There's just one thing I'll mention, if you please, Although there isn't much to tell. Of no concern, it must be said ' Just that your old gray mare is dead. Apart from that, Madame la Marquise, Things are just fine, and all is well. Hello, hello, Martin? Tell me, what's new? My faithful coachman, have you heard? My mare is dead, I'm asking you, How such a thing could have occurred? There's nothing wrong, Madame la Marquise, Everything's fine, and all is well. There's just one thing I'll mention, if you please, Although there isn't much to tell. Yes, in the fire she was found That burned your stables to the ground. Apart from that, Madame la Marquise, Everything's fine, and all is well. Hello, Hello, Pascal? Tell me, what's new? My stables burned? How can that be? My faithful chef, now how can that be true? Can you explain all this to me? There's nothing wrong, Madame la Marquise, Everything's fine, and all is well. There's just one thing I'll mention, if you please, Although there isn't much to tell. The flames that burned the stables so Came from the fire in the chateau. Apart from that, Madame la Marquise, Things are just fine, and all is well. Hello, hello, Lucas? Tell me, what's new? What I've just heard has staggered me. Is our chateau in ruins too? What could have caused this tragedy? Well, it's like this, Madame, what can I say? The Marquis nearly had a stroke. He took his life, and on the very day That he found out that he was broke. But in his rush to kill himself He knocked some candles off a shelf. The fae then began to grow And soon destroyed the whole chateau. The wind was strong and in a flash The stables too were turned to ash. And just a moment then and there Was all it took to kill your mare. Apart from that, Madame la Marquise, Things are just fine, and all is well. Tout va tres bien, Mme la Marquise (1935) paroles de Bach (Charles-Joseph Pasquier) et Henri Laverne musique de Paul Misraki All6, all6, James, quelles nouvelles Absente depuis quinze jours, Au bout du fil je vous appelle Que trouverai-je a mon retour ? Tout va tres bien, madame la Marquise Tout va tres bien, tout va tres bien ! Pourtant ii faut, ii faut que l'on vous dise On deplore un tout petit rien Un incident, une betise, La mort de votre jument grise Mais a part ga, Madame la Marquise Tout va tres bien, Tout va tres bien ! All6, all6, Martin, quelles nouvelles Ma jument grise, morte aujourd'hui ? Expliquez moi, cocher fidele, Comment cela s'est-il produit ? Cela n'est rien, madame la Marquise Cela n'est rien, tout va tres bien ! Pourtant ii faut, ii faut que l'on vous dise On deplore un tout petit rien Elle a perit dans l'incendie Qui detruisit vos ecuries Mais a part ga, madame la Marquise Tout va tres bien, Tout va tres bien ! All6, all6, Pascal, quelles nouvelles Mes ecuries ont done brOle ? Expliquez moi, mon chef modele Comment cela s'est-il passe Cela n'est rien, madame la Marquise, Cela n'est rien, tout va tres bien ! Pourtant ii f aut, ii faut que l'on vous dise On deplore un tout petit rien Si l'ecurie brOla madame, C'est qu'le chateau etait en flamme, Mais a part ga, madame la Marquise Tout va tres bien, Tout va tres bien ! All6, all6, Lucas, quelles nouvelles Notre chateau est done detruit ? Expliquez moi car je chancelle ! Comment cela s'est-il produit ? Eh! bien voila, madame la Marquise Apprenant qu'il etait ruine A peine fut-ii rev'nu de sa surprise Qu' Monsieur !'Marquis s'est suicide Et c'est en ramassant la pelle Qu'il renversa toutes les chandelles Mettant le feu a tout l'chateau Qui s'consuma de bas en haut Le vent souflant sur l'incendie, Le propageant sur l'ecurie Et c'est ainsi qu'en un moment On vit perir votre jument Mais a part ga, madame la Marquise Tout va tres bien, Tout va tres bien ! 