HE'S NOT THE ONE (Trio -Jamie, Sara, Austin, written for the aborted version of Park) lyrics by Tom Lehrer (no music written) J: He's not the one S: I think he is J: I think he's not S: But this is the day, and this is the time, and this is the spot J: If he's the one, then why did he give me that line? S: Something is fishy, I just wish he Would give us some kind of a s
ign J: He's not the one S: I bet he is J: I bet he's not Whatever became of his limp? S: I guess he forgot J: He was supposed to be wearing a hat S: I don't remember them telling us that J: But could he really have killed seven guys? S: Sure, did you get a good look at those eyes? J: And the suit was supposed to be green --Gabardine And clean S: He is the one J: There's only one way to be sure S: You mean ...... J: I do S: Well? J: No, you [S goes over to A] S: [spoken] Will the ostrich dance with the porcupine? A : [spoken, hesistantly] Only if he is sufficiently ---tight. rs goes back to JJ S: [spoken] Did you hear that? J: He's not the one S: Oh yes, he is J: Oh no, he's not S: We have to be sure, because if we're wrong, we're gonna get shot J: It just might be some kind of a double cross He could be a narc They're all over the park S: Do you think I should check with the boss? J: He's not the one S: I bet he is J: I bet he's not S: And we've only an hour to get from here to the yacht J: He was supposed to be smoking a pipe Frankly, he just doesn't look like the type S: Look like a spy, you mean? Heaven forbid He'd be a hell of a spy if he did But he picked up the code all right J: Not quite He said "tight" He's not the one S: Okay, let's try him one more time J: You mean ..... S: I do J: Well? S: No, you J: S: A: J: A: S: A: J: S: A: J: S: A: [J goes over to A] J: [spoken] Will the ostrich dance with the porcupine? A: [spoken, hesitantly, while Sand J encourage him to get it right] Only if he is sufficiently ---loose [S and J cheer] He is the one He is the one I am the one The plans? The dough? [handing "money 'fo A J The dough [handing ''plans" to J J The plans Well done Well done Well done He is He is lam ALL: The one 