IN OLD MEXICO words & music by Tom Lehrer When it's fiesta time in Guadalajara, Then I long to be back once again In old Mexico. Where we lived for today, Never giving a thought to tomara. To the strumming of guitars In a hundred grubby bars I would whisper "te amo.11 The mariachis would serenade, And they would not shut up till they were paid. We ate, we drank, and we were.merry, And we got typhoid and dysentery. But best of all, we went to the Plaza de Toros. Now w~enever I start feeling morose, I revive by recalling that scene. And names like Belmonte, Domingufn, and Manolete. If I live to a hundred and eight-e, I shall never forget what they mean. (For there is surely nothing more beautiful in this world than the sight of a lone man facing singlehandedly a half a ton of angry pot roast!) Out came the matador, Who must have been potted or Slightly insane, but who looked rather bored. Then the picadors of course, Each one on his horse. I shouted 11ole!11 ev'ry time one was gored. I cheered at the banderilleros' display As they stuck the bull in their own clever way For I hadn't had so much fun since the day My brother's dog Rover Got run over. (Rover was killed by a Pontiac. and it was done with such grace and artistry that the witnesses awarded the driver both ears and the tail But I digress.) The moment had come. I swallowed my gum. We knew there'd be blood on the sand pretty soon. The crowd held its breath, Hoping that death Would brighten an otherwise dull afternoon. At last The matador did what we wanted him to. He raised his sword and his aim was true. In that moment of truth I suddenly knew That someone had stolen my wallet. Now it's fiesta time in Akron, Ohio But it's back to old Guadalajara I'm longing to go. (*)Faraway from the strikes of the A. F. of L. and C. I. 0. How I wish I could get back To the land of the wetback And forget the Alamo In old Mexico. Ole! (*) In Tomfoolery this ending 
was replaced by: For though, try as I may, I can never repay All that I owe To the land of mafiana And cheap marijuana. (It's so easy to grow.) In old Mexico. 