l I TANGO DE LA MENEGILDA (from La Gran Via) Spanish lyrics by D. F. Perez, music by Federico Chueca & Joaquin Valverde English version by Tom Lehrer Life is brutal, If you must work as a maid. Hopeless, futile, Overworked and underpaid. And if you just surrender, And if you don't learn to use your head, Though you may live to a hundred, You'll still end up in a poorhouse bed. As for me, I must say, There were skills that I learned right away. Clothes to wash, beds to make, Floors to sweep, meals to cook, cakes to bake. But it didn't take me long to see That life was passsing me by. I consulted with my conscience. It said, "
Listen, honey, You've learned how to bake, Now just learn how to take Your piece of the cake." I caught on so well, before anyone knew it, I had some nice clothes and a trinket or two. Perhaps you are wond'ring "How does she do it?" With jewelry and dresses, My road to sucess is ---I'd give you three guesses, But I think one will do. I was sent out Shopping alone evry day. When I went out, They'd give me money to pay, And out of each ten duros I'd end up spending, say, eight or nine, And what was left I deposited With a soldier friend of mine. Then one day I came back And I found I'd been given the sack Don't know why, don't know how, And I laugh when I think of it now. When my mistress had finished screaming, Her son whispered in my ear. As he paid me my back wages, He said, "Listen, honey, you know what I think." And he said with a wink, "Let me buy you a drink." I've worked for so many and gotten so clever, That's how I arrived where you find me today. I work for an old man who can't live forever. At the end of my journey With money to burn, e-Ven power of attorney, What more can I say? original lyrics Pobre chica la que tiene que servir. Mas valiera que se llegase a morir. Perque si es que no sabe por las mananas brujulear aunque mil anos viva su paradero es el hospital. Cuando yo vine aqui lo primero que al pelo aprendi fue a fregar a barrer a guisar, a planchar y a 
easer. Pero viendo que estas cosas no me hacian prosperar consulte con mi concencia y al punto me dijo: "Aprende a sisar Aprende a sisar Aprende a sisar." Salf tan manosa, que al cabo de un ano tenfa seis trajes de seda y saten. A nada que ustedes discurran un poco ya han adivinao ya se han figurao de d6nde saldrfa para ello el parne. Yo iba sola por la manana a comprar, y me daban tres duros para pagar y de sesenta reales gastaba treinta, o un poco mas y lo que me sobraba me lo guardaba un melitar. Yo nose como fue que un domingo despues de comer yo no se que pas6 que mi ama a la calle me ech6 pero al darme el senorita la cartilly y el parne me decia por lo bajo "Te espero en tal parte tomando cafe Tomando cafe, tomando cafe." Despues de este lance servf a un boticario, servf a una senora que andaba muy mal me vine a esa casa y allf estoy al pelo, pues sirvo a un abuelo que el pobre esta lelo y yo soy el ama y punto final. Many performances of this song are on YouTube,including a good one by Pasi6n Vega at www.youtube.com/watch ?v=QOT92BvNVTs 