The Professor's Song from The Physical Revue words by Tom Lehrer music by Arthur Sullivan "If You Give Me Your Attention" from Princess Ida If you give me your attention, I will tell you what I am I'm a 
genius and a physicist (and something of a ham) I have tried for numerous degrees, in fact, I've one of each Of course that makes me eminently qualified to teach I understand the subject matter thoroughly, it's true And I can't see why it isn't all as obvious to you My lectures all are masterpieces, excellently planned Yet everybody tells me that I'm hard to understand And I can't think why! My diagrams are models of true art, you must agree And my handwriting is famous for 
its legibility When I write "gravitation" (scrawls on blackboard), say, or any other word For anyone to say he cannot read it is absurd My demonstrations all get more amazing every year Though, frankly, what they go to prove is sometimes less than clear And all my explanations are quite lucid, I am sure Yet everybody tells me that my lectures are obscure And I can't think why! Consider, for example, oscillation of a spring The force that acts upon it is a very simple thing It's kx3 ---or kx2 ---no, just kx, I'll bet The sign in front is plus -or is it minus?, I forget Well, anyway, there is a force, of that there is no doubt All these problems are quite trivial if you only think them out Yet people tell me, "
I have memorized the whole term through Everything you've told us, but the problems I can't do." And I can't think why! The Professor's Song (math version) words by Tom Lehrer music by Arthur Sullivan "If You Give Me Your Attention" from Princess Ida If you give me your attention, I will tell you what I am I'm a 
brilliant math'matician (also something of a ham) I have tried for numerous degrees, in fact, I've one of each Of course that makes me eminently qualified to teach I understand the subject matter thoroughly, it's true And I can't see why it isn't all as obvious to you Each lecture is a masterpiece, meticulously planned Yet everybody tells me that I'm hard to understand And I can't think why! My diagrams are models of true art, you must agree And my handwriting is famous for its legibility Take a word like "minimum" (to choose a random word) * For anyone to say he cannot read that is absurd The anecdotes I tell get more amusing every year Though, frankly, what they go to prove is sometimes less than clear And all my explanations are quite lucid, I am sure Yet everybody tells me that my lectures are obscure And I can't think why! Take differentiation, it's as simple as can be, Like finding the derivative of tangent x ---let's see It's tangent squared ---No, secant squared ---No, just secant, I bet. The sign in front is plus ---or is it minus? I forget Well, it does have a derivative, of that there is no doubt. All these formulas are trivial if you only think them out Yet students tell me, "
I have memorized the whole year through Ev'rythng you've told us, but the problems I can't do." And I can't think why! *The song was performed at a blackboard, and the professor wrote "minimum" in script without dotting the i's, making it illegible. 