The Bourgeoisie (Les Bourgeois) 1. Hearts as light as air, Eyes and cheeks aglow, Paroles de Jacques Brei Musique de Jean Corti English version by Tom Lehrer We were twenty, and we had the truth. With my friend Pierre And my friend Jojo, To the bar we'd go to drink our youth. Pierre thought he was Casanova, Jojo, Voltaire and Debussy, [spoken:} And I, who always was the proudest, I imagined I was -----me! From the Grand Hotel the businessmen would leave. We would greet them as they came along, Showing them our class, Showing them our ass, Singing this song: The bourgeoisie are really pigs
, They don't get smart, they just get fatter. The bourgeoisie w
ith all their dough -The more they learn, the less they know! 2. Hearts as light as air, Eyes and cheeks aglow, We were twenty, and we knew the truth. With my friend Pierre And my friend Jojo, Drunk with beer but even more with youth. Casanova chased the ladies, Voltaire wrote songs with Debussy. [spoken:] And I, who always was the proudest, I got almost as drunk as ---me! From the Grand Hotel the lawyers would appear. We would greet them as they came along. [affected voice:] Veddy uppah clahss, Showing them our ahss, Singing this song: The bourgeoisie are really pigs
, They don't get smart, they just get fatter. The bourgeoisie with all their dough They more they learn, the less they know! [indicates bar and moves in that direction} [indicates hotel on other side of stage} -2-[optional: At this point he can change his demeanor so as to indicate the respectability he has acquired over the years. To further indicate the passage of time, perhaps he could make a simple costume adjustment, e.g., change beret for hat, remove scarf to reveal tie, put on glasses, etc.} 3. Hearts no longer dare, Eyes no longer glow, At the Grand Hotel we often dine. The notary, Pierre, The businessman, Jojo, And I, the lawyer, talk and sip our wine. Pierre may talk of Casanova, Jojo, Voltaire and Debussy, [spoken} And I, who still remain the proudest, I still talk of ---me! Later when we leave From that bar they come, Scum who ought to stay where they belong. Clearly lower class, Showing us their ----well! Singing that song: [indicates hotel and moves in that direction] [indicates bar] [Everyone else on stage sings the chorus at him, tauntingly.] The ---bour ---geoi ---sie are really pigs, They don't get smart, they just get fatter. The bourgeoisie with all their dough, They more they learn, the less they know! [He has reacted angrily when they started to sing, and during their song he calls to an unseen offstage policeman:] [spoken.] Officer! Officer! Arrest these hooligans! They are a public nuisance! We are taxpayers, and we don't need to have these hoodlums bothering us every night. God help the world when this generation grows up! [fading out as he exits] Officer! Officer! 
.... LES BOURGEOIS lyrics by Jacques Brei music by Jean Corti Le cceur bien au chaud, Jes yeux dans la biere Chez la grosse Adrienne de Montalant Avec l'ami Jojo, et avec l'ami Pierre On allait boire nos vingt ans Jojo se prenait pour Voltaire Et Pierre pour Casanova Et moi, moi qui etais le plus fier Mai, moi je me prenais pour moi Et quand vers minuit passaient Jes notaires Qui sortaient de l'hotel des, "Trois Faisans" On leur montrait notre 
cul et nos bonnes manieres En leur chantant: Les bourgeois c'est comme Jes cochons Plus 9a devient vieux plus 9a devient bete Les bourgeois c'est comme Jes cochons Plus 9a devient vieux plus 9a devient c-Le creur bien au chaud, Jes yeux dans la biere Chez la grosse Adrienne de Montalant A vec l 'ami Jojo, et avec l 'ami Pierre On allait boire 
nos vingt ans Voltaire dansait comme un vicaire Et Casanova n'osait pas Et moi, moi qui restait le plus fier Mai j'etais presque aussi saoul que moi Et quand vers minuit passaient Jes notaires Qui sortaient de )'hotel des, "Trois Faisans" On leur montrait notre cul et nos bonnes manieres En leur chantant: Les bourgeois c'est comme Jes cochons Plus 9a devient vieux plus 9a devient bete Les bourgeois c'est comme Jes cochons Plus 9a devient vieux plus 9a devient c-Le cceur au repos, Jes yeux bien sur terre Au bar de )'hotel des "Trois Faisans" Avec maftre Jojo, et avec ma.1cre Pierre Entre notaires on passe le temps Jojo parle de Voltaire Et Pierre de Casanova Et moi, moi qui suis reste le plus fier Mai, moi je parle encore de moi Et c'est en sortant vers minuit Monsieur le Commissaire Que tous les soirs de chez la Montalant De jeunes 'Peigne-culs' nous montrent leur derriere En nous chantant: Les bourgeois c'est comme Jes cochons Plus 9a devient vieux plus 9a devient bete Les bourgeois c'est comme Jes cochons Plus 9a devient vieux plus 9a devient c--