WE WILL ALL GO TOGETHER WHENWEGO words and music by Tom Lehrer When you attend a funeral, It is sad to think that sooner o' Later those you love will do the same for you. And you may have thought it tragic, Not to mention other adjec-Tives, to think of all the weeping they will do. But don't you worry. No more ashes, no more sackcloth, And an armband made of black cloth Will some day never more adorn a sleeve: For if the bomb that drops on you Gets your friends and neighbors too, There'll be nobody left behind to grieve. And we will all go together when we go. What a comforting fact that is to know. Universal bereavement, An inspiring achievement, Yes, we all will go together when we go. We will all go together when we go. All suffused with an incandescent glow. No one will have the endurance To collect on his insurance, Lloyd's of London will be loaded when they go. Oh, we will all fry together when we fry. We'll be french fried potatoes by and by. There will be no more misery When the world is our rotizerie, · Yes, we all will fry together when we fry. Down by the old maelstrom, There'll be a storm before the calm. ' And we will all bake together when we bake. There'll be nobody present at the wake. With complete participation In that grand incineration, Nearly three billion hunks of well-done steak. Oh, we will all char together when we char. And let there be no moaning of the bar. Just sing out a Te Deum When you see that I.C.B.M., And the party will be "come as you are". Oh, we will all burn together when we burn. · There'll be no need to stand and wait your turn. When it's time for the fallout And Saint Peter calls us all out, We'll just drop our agendas and adjourn. -You will all go directly to your respective Valhallas. Go directly, do not pass Go, Do not collect two hundred dolla's. And we will all go together when we go. Ev'ry Hottenhot and ev'ry Eskimo. When the air becomes uranious, We will all go simultaneous. Yes, we all will go together When we all go together, Yes. we all will go together when we go. 