WHATEVER BECAME OF HUBERT? words and music by Tom Lehrer Whatever became of Hubert? Has anyone heard a thing? Once he shone, On his own, Now he sits home alone, And waits for the phone To ring. Once a fiery liberal spirit, Ah, but now when he speaks he must clear it. Second fiddle's a hard part, I know, When they don't even give you a bow . . "We must protest this treatment, Hubert," Says each newspaper reader. As someone one remarked to Schubert, "Take us to your Lieder!" Whatever became of you, Hubert? We miss you, so tell us, please, Are you said, are you cross, Are you gathering moss, While you wait for the boss To sneeze? Does Lyndon, recalling when he was V.P., Say, "I'll do unto you like they did unto me!"? Do you dream about staging a coup? Hubert, what happened to you? LOOK WHAT
™S BECO
ME OF HUBERT
  (written for and performed during the 1968 McCarthy campaign)
                  
words and music by Tom Lehrer
                 
(tune: ﬁWhatever Became of Hubert?ﬂ)
  
 Just look what™s become of Hubert
  [Alt
.:] We know what became
 of Hubert
 All sunshine and smiles, here he comes
   Since he became our VP
  Angry men he deplores
    He was our pride and joy
  And he simply adores
     But he™s now Lyndon™s boy
  Happy riots, happy wars, 
    Only he calls it loy 
--  Happy slums.
       Alty
.  For three lonely years he™s been pinned in
  You lost us the day that you sold out
 And spent them out
-Lydoning Lyndon
   And now you™ll find, baby, it™s cold out
  So pardon us please if we gawk
 At a parrot who™s also a hawk
  
And please don™t think that we
™re naive
 ‚Cause we™re backing Eugene McCarthy
 Things come true if you believe
 As the Wizard once said to Dor™thy
  Whatever became of you, Hubert?
 You just haven™t been the same
  Oh you once were so nice
  But you paid a big price
  So that you could put Vic
e   Before your name.
  And what of the rumor that we overheard
 That LBJ now calls you ﬁHubert Birdﬂ
 Well, Hubie, chacun à son goût
 But Hubert, what 
happened
  to you?
  